Update haproxy-best-practices.md (#7114)
pingcap/docs: best-practices/haproxy-best-practices.md

   log         127.0.0.1 local2            # Global syslog servers (up to two).
   chroot      /var/lib/haproxy            # Changes the current directory and sets superuser privileges for the startup process to improve security.
   pidfile     /var/run/haproxy.pid        # Writes the PIDs of HAProxy processes into this file.

>    maxconn     4096                        # The maximum per-process number of concurrent connections to <4096>. It is equivalent to the command-line argument "-n".

Reviewer: Shall we keep the English version as close to the Chinese version `单个 HAProxy 进程可接受的最大并发连接数。` as possible? If `It is equivalent to the command-line argument "-n".` is also important, please add it to the [Chinese version](https://github.com/pingcap/docs-cn/pull/7805/files#diff-241fc1deb2dc5d2b5b537b770bed50afff6018b1ecd80927f7e125a8ec6072b7R171). Thanks!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
maxconn 4096 # The maximum number of concurrent connections for a single HAProxy process. It is equivalent to the command-line argument "-n".
```
